
1
Forests Aren't Real We Just Think They Are

There are no forests on Earth. But then how do we see trees? The trees we see are actually not trees, they're just big bushes. The trees we see today are lesser versions of the trees from before a cataclysmic event. The real trees were massive, and they left behind their stumps. Specifically, places like Devils Tower in Wyoming. Round Earthers call these structures a variety of things - mountains, isolated rock faces, mesas - but Flat Earthers are calling them trees. In fact, nothing on Earth was formed by lava or tectonic plates moving about from a spherical center of the earth. Mountains, canyons, deserts, etc., are all just the remnants of massive trees cut down by a destructive unnamed force thousands of years ago. 

2
A 'Round Earth' Is a Conspiracy to Debunk Religion

Although there's a colossal amount of evidence that most religions and religious documents never mentioned the actual shape of the Earth to begin with, NASA and other conspirators enforced their "round Earth" propaganda as a way of stifling religious beliefs.

"But if the Earth is just one of billions of planets revolving around billions of stars in billions of galaxies, then the ideas of God, creation, and a specific purpose for Earth and human existence become highly implausible."

3
Gravity Is an Illusion

Sorry, Sir Isaac Newton, but not only are you completely wrong about gravity, but it's possible you're part of the conspiracy as well. Objects never accelerate downward, as Newton preposterously theorized, but rather the Earth is continually accelerating upward, propelled by the mysterious force known as dark energy.

4
NASA Is a Hoax

Yup. Sorry, John Glenn, Buzz Aldrin, Neil Armstrong, and the thousands of scientists around the world (yes, around) who work at NASA - flat-Earthers aren't buying your lies. 

Mars Rover? Fake. Space travel? Total crock. The moon landing? Never happened.

Everything under the umbrella of NASA is just part of an elaborate game to keep everyone from knowing the real truth about our world.

5
There Is a 150-Foot Wall of Ice at the 'Edge'

Earth is actually contained within Antarctica, and Antarctica itself is an entire wall of ice at the very edge of the world. Sound confusing? To prevent anyone from climbing over the "edge" of the Earth, NASA employs guards at the wall to maintain the conspiracy.

6
The Earth Is a Plane, Not a Planet

Not only are the Sun and Moon incredibly small, with each being about 32 miles around, but they're actually only about 3,000 miles above us, too. And the stars? They're not too far out, either, clocking in at around 3,100 miles up. 

So how does this all add up? Simple: the Earth is the center of the entire universe, and everything is moving around us. Just ask noted flat-Earth expert Eric Dubay, author of The Flat Earth Conspiracy, who claims that time-lapse photography proves it all:

“Star trail time-lapse photography is absolute proof that Earth is the stationary center of the universe around which everything in the sky revolves. If the Earth’s supposed motion was what caused the star trail effect, Earth would have to be performing daily 360 loop-de-loops, inverting upside down, coming back around, and NOT rotating on an axis, otherwise the same stars would not remain visible in the sky for well over 12 hours (as they do), and would all move across the sky horizontally! The fact that we can see the same stars all night long revolving perfect circles around Polaris proves it is the stars moving relative to a fixed [Earth].”

7
The Horizon Is Perfectly Even

That curve you've seen in NASA's photographs of the horizon? It's a lie. NASA takes the "true" images of the flat world and implements a curve in them through digital wizardry.

8
If the Earth Were Round, Airplanes Would Fly Into Space

If the Earth were round, pilots would have to continually nose their airplanes down, or else they would fly straight into outer space, rather than around the curve of the Earth. The fact that airplanes do not have to continually move downwards, they argue, shows that the Earth is flat.

9
Satellites Don't Exist

Photoshop strikes again! Sorry, globe-heads, there's no such thing as satellites, all images of satellites - even ones taken in space - are actually CGI composites.
