1
NASA Will Continue To Lie To Us About Space Anomalies

If you've been keeping tabs on NASA since the "moon landing" then you know that there's nothing those egg heads love more than to keep regular, hard working Americans in the dark about what they're up to and what's happening in space that could affect our daily lives. A few days into January 2017 something was picked up on radar that left a hole in our sun, yet NASA has been mum on what it is that ricocheted off of the sun. Could it have been a UFO? A planet? Why won't NASA be honest for once?

2
There's Going To Be A Giant Earthquake In 2017

Do you own a water pump? How many cans of food do you have in your pantry right now? Are you the highest bidder on a year's supply of MREs on eBay? You better hope so because according to all the very cool dudes at the Time Cross Project 2017 is going to be the year that a massive earthquake and tsunami hit the earth. 

3
The Mainstream Media Is Going To Shut Down Alternate Media

Doesn't this sound like something the LAMEstream media would do? All they want to do is shove their version of the truth down out throats without letting the little guy and his lack of credible sources put his vision out into the world. But how will they discredit alternate media sites? Easy, by creating their own alternate media sites that post false news in order to make the rest of sites look like they're run by crazy people, and possibly even get them sued for libel, thus running them out of business. That idea is just so crazy it just might work.

4
The US Is Planning On Demonetizing Foreign Governments

Did you know that the US is trying to strip countries of their cash to claim dominance in the world? No? Well, this all began when Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi nullified the two largest bank notes in the country, giving people a grace period to deposit the cash into their bank accounts. Unfortunately half of the country lives without a bank account, which is great for a global conglomeration that wants to control the population by rationing out food and support. Look for demonetization to get hot in second and third world countries in late 2017, hopefully by 2018 we can have the entire world on a system where people have to fight for their food. 

5
False Flag Attacks On False Flag Attacks

What's worse? Week after week of mass shootings and our inability to cope with the idea that mentally ill people and highly disturbed people are able to get their hands on deadly weapons which they use to carry out attacks on innocent people? Or the possibility that none of those attacks happen and they're all hoaxes perpetrated by the anti-gun lobby in order to frighten law makers into outlawing firearms?* As much as 2016 was full of fake spree killings and crisis actors, expect 2017 to be an even busier year for these kind of false flag operations. 

6
The US Government Is Causing Hurricanes

In August and September 2017, Hurricanes Harvey and Irma battered the southern United States and the Caribbean. Are these the result of global climate change, or are they the work of the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP)?

The former military research facility, located in Alaska, is believed to house a secret weather-altering device. Supposedly, it can create massive storms with radio waves. HAARP's scientists, however, claim they're researching how to improve communications technology.

7
Anti-Trump Globalists Are Going To Crash The Stock Market

Even though the secret global government that decides the fate of the world couldn't stop Trump from being elected in America and making it great again, that doesn't mean they're not going to try to do something that would blemish his name in the history books. Some conspiracy theorists believe there's going to be a forced stock market or housing crash, while others believe Trump won't have any problem destroying things on his own. 

8
President Trump Will Take Orders From Russia

Is 2017 the year that Vladimir Putin's Dr. Claw-esque plan to take over America finally comes to fruition? If the people who believe that Donald Trump was placed in the White House as a puppet to carry out the Russian agenda are correct then we may be seeing the US pull away from NATO and maybe even championing Russia's efforts to wipe Syria off the map. 

9
Muslims Are Going To Infiltrate America

Wake up sheeple, the Muslim threat is real and they want to take over America, starting with Michigan. What better place for a group of militant radicals to creep into the fabric of our great country than a state that is consistently let down and ignored by the the US government? It's the perfect plan. No one will ever see it coming. 

10
The Government Is Finally Going To Use HAARP To Modify The Weather

Just great, the HAARP (High-Frequency Active Auroral Research Program) facility in Alaska is up and running again, and that means the government is finally taking this whole global warming thing seriously. That, or they're going to start modifying our weather systems in order to maintain crop stability in states that voted pro-Republican, while causing major droughts in areas that were noticeably blue. Who knows. 

11
2017 Will Be The Beginning Of An International Food Crisis

One of the easiest ways to control the population is by controlling the food supply, and that's exactly what's going to begin happening in 2017 as the global super elites begin to combine and think of new and terrible ways to destroy the 99% of the population who's never ridden in a personal jet. A food crisis has already began to destroy the citizens of Venezuela, and it's only a matter of time before the kind of sick profiteering that's taken hold of their country moves to North America. 

12
The UN Is Going To Depopulate The Earth

In 2017 the UN is planning to enact Agenda 21, a program which would allow them to co-opt privately held land under the auspices of ensuring its “sustainability" and slowly weave those local groups into a one world government. While sustainability is a great buzz word, it's essentially being used to put a positive spin on the fact that Agenda 21 could very easily be used to kick millions of people out of their homes in a slow motion version of population control. 

13
Obama's Going To Get The Last Laugh

It turns out that President Obama isn't going to go so gently into the night. According to numerous reports, before leaving office Obama approved a shipment of 130+ tons of uranium to Iran, which is the main component in making nuclear weapons. Is President Obama trying to jumpstart World War III? Or is he simply trying to even out the playing field when it comes to using force as a negotiation tactic? 

14
UFOs Are Going To Invade The Earth

Thanks to a set of leaked documents we now know that 2017 will be the year that UFOs reach earth and attempt a global takeover. The alleged report claims NASA has detected an alien UFO invasion fleet emitting a mysterious force field that acts similarly to the Earth’s magnetic field by deflecting harmful space energy particles. While the Obama administration reached out to the Kremlin to request Russia's cooperation in establishing an “Earth-wide” missile defense system, it's unknown whether or not President-elect Trump will continue these efforts. 

15
A New Fascist Regime Is Going To Destroy Europe

In 2016 it wasn't just America and England that were taken over by conservative extremists with major ties to Russia. Countries like Sweden, Germany, France, Italy, and Greece also greeted their own right-wing leaders who were supported by Vladimir Putin while courting neo-nazis and white supremacists. One theory posits that Russia will invade Eastern Europe and Trump will pull all US support, leading to a new totalitarian regime that rivals that of World War II-era Europe. 

16
Everyone's Getting ID Chip Implants

If you're the kind of person of who's tired of updating their smartphone every six months, then you're going to hate it when the NWO forces you to updated your hand implanted ID chip whenever there's a hardware update. RFID chips are used to track phones, pets, and all kinds of other equipment, but according to insiders 2017 is finally the year when people start getting chipped by the global government. 

17
Nostradamus Predicted The Rise Of Donald Trump

F**************ck, the outcome of the 2016 election and Donald Trump's rise to power were right in front of us the entire time and we didn't do anything about it. It turns out that in the 16th Century Nostradamus knew exactly what would happen to America after we elected a game show host to the highest level of public office. According to one of Nostradamus' many quatrains:

"The false trumpet concealing madness
will cause Byzantium to change its laws.
From Egypt there will go forth a man who wants
the edict withdrawn, changing money and standards."

If modern day Byzantium is Europe, and Trump(et) is going to help change their laws dealing with money and standards does that mean he's going to somehow deregulate the Euro and put the dollar in their place? Or try to put the world onto some kind of "Trump Standard?" Why was Nostradamus so damn confusing? 

18
Trump's Wall Will Actually Be Built Around California

Throughout President Trump's 2016 campaign he made continual references to a wall he was planning on building around the Mexican border. Well that was only sort of true. The actual wall he plans on building is meant to be constructed around the border of California, with special attention to be paid to areas in Southern California where anyone from Hollywood could possibly make their way into Nevada. Some reports have said that there will be special travel permits allotted to voters from Orange County. 

19
The Pope Is Going To Create A Central World Bank

Ugh, this "Pope," right? As if he weren't already bad enough, he thinks all of the countries in the world need to pool their money into one centralized global bank to regulate the economy. Sorry Francis, if we couldn't get a woman on the $10 bill, you're not going to be able to get a global bank. 

20
Solar Flares Will Scorch America

Why does the Christian community keep this kind of thing from us until the year it's going to happen? According to a group of hardcore Christian conspiracy theorists a total eclipse of the heart sun is going to happen on August 21, which will be the first total eclipse to travel from one coast of America to the other for almost a century, and is also apparently a thing that happens in Revelations. There's no word on whether or not a swarm of locusts are planning on descending upon those of us who don't have the mark of God etched into our heads. Hopefully not, because you know, ouch. 

21
Nibiru Is Finally Going To Destroy The Earth

After years of threatening to uncloak itself from the depths of space and smash into the earth like a drunk guy at the club, Nibiru/Planet X/Whatever you want to call it is finally supposed to make an appearance and wreck shop. Research scientist David Meade claims there are “seven orbiting bodies” floating through space at tricky angles in order to confuse scientists who haven't been able to figure out that whole math thing yet. Kiss your loved ones goodbye and marry your dogs, because this is it.

1
The Truth about JFK's Assassination was Covered Up

The cover-up was intended to keep investigators focused exclusively on evidence that proved “what the Agency believed at the time was the 'best truth' – that Lee Harvey Oswald, for as yet undetermined motives, had acted alone in killing Kennedy”.

2
The Pharmaceutical Industry Is Keeping Us ill to Make More Profit

The phrase “follow the money” became a part of investigative journalism in the 1970s.

When we follow the money that’s involved with governments, food companies, Big Pharma, media and Healthcare operators, it’s easy to see why all five groups want to keep us fat and sick.

No one makes money when people are healthy.

3
Elections Are Rigged

4
Big Business Playing With the World As If It's a Monopoly Game

5
Aliens Exist

UFOs are real, aliens are real and they visit us episodically, the U.S. government has known about alien life for decades, the U.S. government has been actively experimenting with alien technologies, the Nazis were involved in Roswell, the Cold War was actually an international cover-up about extraterrestrial life, there was more to the moon landing than we were told, the mass of nuclear weapons the U.S. has is being held for a war with aliens, human evolution was tampered with by someone or something, and the U.S. government has a real live alien species locked up somewhere.

6
We Are Being Exposed to Subliminal Messaging

7
The Media Is Trying to Create a Race War

8
Federal Reserve Bank Forces Inflation

The FED is purposely using low interest rates to push inflation, while taking away access to lending and borrowing from the middle class.  The rich get cheap loans, and they can also manage the risk to get higher rates of return.  Everyone else just slowly loses all their purchasing power!

9
Revolutionary Free Energy Technology Is Being Suppressed by Governments

The U.S. Patent Office has a nine-member committee that screens patents in order to protect “national security”.

An understandable reason for suppressing certain types of energy inventions is that the knowledge behind them is also capable of producing tremendously destructive advanced electromagnetic weapons such as the “death ray” apparently invented by Nikola Tesla. Hence many such new energy technologies, particularly those using this kind of knowledge of advanced electromagnetic principles, are considered “dual use” technologies that are among the 4,000 un-numbered patent applications confiscated in a vault at the US Patent and Trademark Office because of their military potential and the need to keep that knowledge from America’s enemies.

A hidden purpose of this committee is to also find and remove from public access energy-related patents which could threaten the fossil fuel and power monopolies.

11
The Truth about 9/11 Is Being Covered Up

12
Marilyn Monroe Was Murdered

13
The Truth about Robert F Kennedy's Assassination Was Covered Up

14
Area 51 Holds Alien Secrets

15
Martin Luther King Jr Was Assassinated by Conspiracy

16
Princess Diana Was Murdered

17
College Loans Exist to Trap Kids in Debt

Abundant loans skyrocket the price of college.  If the government wanted the education, but not the personal debt it wouldn't make the debt irrevocable.  Also they would give the debt to the schools, not the kids.

 The two OPEN goals of the movement to lower the birthrate in the US are:  1) Keep women in school, and 2) Put women in the workplace.  This College debt scheme accomplishes both.

18
The Clintons Had Vince Foster Murdered

19
A New World Order Is Going to Emerge and Rule

20
Facebook and Google Are Part of NSA Spy Program

21
GMOs Are Dangerous

22
The Illuminati Control Everything

23
RFID Chips Are a Form of Government Control

24
ISIS Was Created by US Government

25
Natalie Wood Was Murdered

26
There Are Hidden Motives Behind the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP)

27
Roosevelt Knew about the Pearl Harbor Attack in Advance

28
Al Qaeda Was Created by the CIA

29
Every Thing Was Created by God

30
Mysterious Time Travelers with Convincing Stories

Nearly everyone has heard a completely ludicrous time travel story at least once in their life, like the internet-famous Backwoods Home magazine ad which read, "Wanted: Somebo...more

31
There Are Hidden Messages in the Georgia Guidestones

32
Boris Nemtsov Was Killed by Vladimir Putin

33
The Bilderberg Group Exists to Control the World

34
The Cause of TWA Flight 800's Crash Was Covered Up

35
President Obama's Birth Certificate Is Fake

36
Domald Trump has a mental illness

37
The Government Is Planning to Imprison People in FEMA Camps

38
Chemtrails Are the Government Spraying Chemicals on Us

39
The FDA tries to make Americans fat!

The Food and Drug Administration lets corporations make Americans obese.  There are many reasons. 1) Addictive foods sell better  2) Fat people reproduce less  3) Fat unconfident people are easy to market to ...

40
Courtney Love Killed Kurt Cobain

41
Conformity Is a Social Conspiracy Designed to Stop People from Truly Exercising Their Freedoms to the Fullest.

42
George Soros Controls the American Media

43
General George Patton Was Assassinated

44
Death of Tupac Shakur

45
Holy Grail Holy Bloodline

Theory put forth in The Holy Blood, The Holy Grail in 1982, The Templar Revelation in 1997, and then made famous in the Da Vinci Code in 2003 that suggests Jesus and Mary Magdellan had children.   

46
Antonin Scalia Was Murdered

47
There Is a Secret Nazi Base in Antarctica Called Neuschwabenland

48
The Government's Oklahoma City Bombing Report is Full of Lies

49
The Pyramids Were Built by Aliens

50
The New World Order Is Planning to Sterilize Millions Though Vaccines.

51
Jesus and Mary Magdalene Were Married and Had Children

52
Global Warming Is a Hoax

53
Documentaries Use Music and Gimmicky Presentation As Brainwashing Tools
